 预览版 | 开智沙 第 56 场分享:Joy Gu —— AMYGDALA:A multi-pathway to Fear(杏仁核:多种途径导致恐惧)
说明:此版本为  开智书友会群友阅读，基于 Google 翻译制作，请勿外传。所有信息以最终 整 版为准。
开智书友会线上沙 研讨会，2017   9   28   19:42，总第 56 期 主题:AMYGDALA:A multi-pathway to Fear
主讲:Joy Gu —— 神经科学博 后
Why We Love Fear And Game of Thrones And the much loved... 为 么我们爱恐惧、权 的游戏，以及许多被爱的事物......
    Jon Snow or Aegon Targaryen whatever, among the most fearless characters throughout the fictional universe.
 
 We are used to horrible things happening in Game of Thrones, whether it’s Ned Stark‘s head getting chopped off in “Baelor,” Jon Snow being stabbed to death by the Night’s Watch in “Mother’s Mercy,” or the ultimate heartbreaker, the Red Wedding.
Ugh.
Can you still feel this unpleasant feeling when I mention these?
We call that "Observational fear”.
Jon Snow或者Aegon Targaryen， 论在虚构宇宙中最 畏的 物中。
我们习惯于在权 游戏中发 的可怕事件， 论是Ned Stark在“Baelor”中被砍掉的头，Jon Snow被“The Mother's Mercy”的夜表 死，还是终极的伤 者，Red 婚礼。
当我提到这些时，你还能感觉到这种 愉快的感觉吗? 我们称之为“观察恐惧”。
 Question 1: What happened in the brain when we watch these episodes?
 
 
 Warning: the following talk occasionally contains pictures make you feel unpleasant and neuroscience terminologies make you feel boring (which I don’t care either way).
问题1:当我们观看这些剧集时， 脑发   么事?
警告:下 的谈话偶尔会包含图 让你感到 愉快，神经科学术语使你感到 聊(虽然我 是很
在意这 点)。
 
  This screenshot is horrible to most of us, especially to Kit Harington — who plays Snow, he said he had to face his worst fear while filming 'Battle of the Bastards’.
这个屏幕截图对我们 多数 来说是可怕的，特别是对于扮演Snow的Kit Harington，他说他在 拍摄“Battle of the Bastards”时 得  对最糟糕的恐惧。
 
 Fear of being killed or suffocation.
 
 Fear is an evolutionarily conserved survival response triggered by imminent threats that evokes rapid defensive responses of immobility, attack, or escape, accompanied by hormonal and autonomic changes in preparation for the behavioral response.
In humans, there may also be accompanying feelings of dread and/or despair. These behavioral changes are rapidly engaged and abate once the threat has ended.
In humans, it describes a range of disorders such as generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder, PTSD, and social affective disorder.
害怕被杀或窒息。
恐惧是由即将来临的威胁触发的进化保守的 存反应，引发 动，攻击或逃跑的快速防御反应，
伴随着激素和 主变化，为 为反应做准备。
在 类中，也可能伴随着恐惧和/或绝望的感觉。  旦威胁已经结束，这些 为变化就会迅速消 失。
在 类中，它描述  系 疾病，如 泛性焦虑症，恐慌症，PTSD和社会情感障碍。
  
Question 2: What happened in Jon snow's brain when he confront a killing battle?
问题 :当乔恩雪的 脑遇到 场杀戮的战 时，发   么事? 真実はいつも つ
The AMYGDALA is on FIRE.
杏仁核在燃烧
    
 Question 3: Why we study amygdala and fear?
When we experience fear feelings in real world or artificial environment (viewing of fearful or angry faces) activates human amygdala. Often this amygdala activation is increased in fear- related disorders.
Experiencing an extremely traumatic event— either experiencing it or witnessing it, such as combat or violent assault, can lead to Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). PTSD is the fourth most common psychiatric diagnosis and is defined by three primary symptom clusters after an event that elicited fear, helplessness or horror. Symptoms may include flashbacks, nightmares and severe anxiety, as well as uncontrollable thoughts about the event.
 
 Jon Snow might already had PTSD which he doesn't realize.
 问题3:为 么我们研究杏仁核和恐惧? 当我们在现实世界或 造环境(观看恐惧或愤 的 孔)中遇到恐惧感时，激活 类的扁桃体。
通常，这种杏仁核激活在恐惧相关疾病中增加。
经历极度创伤的事件 -  论是经历或 睹它，如战 或  袭击，都可能导致创伤后应激障碍 (PTSD)。 PTSD是第四 最常 的精神病诊断，并且在引发恐惧， 助或恐怖的事件之后由 三个主要症状簇定义。 症状可能包括闪回，恶梦和严重的焦虑，以及对事件 法控制的想法。
Jon Snow可能已经有PTSD，他没有意识到。
Question 4: Is Amygdala = Fear?
问题4:杏仁核=恐惧?
  
 The beloved Dr. Joseph LeDoux said, The Amygdala Is Not the Brain’s Fear Center.
One of the first things a scientist learns is that a correlation does not necessarily reveal causation. The interpretation that the amygdala is the brain’s fear center confuses correlation and causation.
The idea that the amygdala is the home of fear in the brain is just that—an idea. It is not a scientific finding but instead a conclusion based on an interpretation of a finding.
约瑟夫· 杜克博 说，杏仁  是 脑的恐惧中 。 科学家 先学到的 个因素是，相关性并  定揭示因果关系。 解释说，杏仁核是 脑的恐惧中
 混淆 相关性和因果关系。
杏仁核是 脑中恐惧的家园的想法就是这个想法。 这 是 个科学的发现， 是基于对 个发现 的解释的结论。
Question 5: So what is the finding, what is the interpretation, and how did the interpretation come about?
The Finding: When the amygdala is damaged, previously threatening stimuli come to be treated as benign. The classic discovery was that monkeys with amygdala damage were “tamed;” snakes, for example, no longer elicited so-called fight-flight responses after amygdala damage. Later studies in rats mapped out the amygdala’s role in a neural system that detects and responds to threats, and similar circuits were found to be operative when the human brain processes threats.
问题5:那么发现是 么，解释是 么，怎么解释呢?
发现:当杏仁核损坏时，以前威胁的 激被认为是良性的。 经典的发现是，具有杏仁核损伤的猴  被“驯服”， 如，在杏仁核损伤后， 再引发所谓的打击  反应。 后来的  研究绘制 杏 仁核在检测和应对威胁的神经系统中的作 ，当 类 脑处 威胁时，类似的电 被发现是有效 的。
  
 The Interpretation: Since damage to the amygdala eliminates behavioral responses to threats, feelings of “fear” are products of the amygdala. People are indeed less responsive to threats when the amygdala is damaged (in humans amygdala damage can occur as a result of epilepsy or other medical conditions or their surgical treatment). Yet, these people can still
 
 experience (feel) “fear.” In other words, the amygdala is an important part of the circuit that allows the brain to detect and respond to threats but is not necessary to feel “fear.”
Take-home message: The conclusion that the amygdala is the brain’s fear center wrongly assumes that the feelings of “fear” and the responses elicited by threats are products of the same brain system. While amygdala circuits are directly responsible for behavioral/physiological responses elicited by threats, they are not directly responsible for feelings of “fear.”
解释:由于对杏仁核的损害消除 对威胁的 为反应，“恐惧”的感觉是杏仁核的产物。 当杏仁核 被破坏时， 们确实对威胁的反应能 较差(在 类中，由于癫痫或其他医疗条件或其 术治 疗，可能会导致杏仁体损伤)。 然 ，这些 仍然可以体验(感觉)“恐惧”。换 话说，杏仁体 是电 的 个重要组成部分，它允许 脑检测和应对威胁，但 必感到“恐惧”。
回归信息:杏仁核是 脑恐惧中 的结论错误地假设“恐惧”的感觉和威胁引发的反应是同 脑系 统的产物。 虽然杏仁核线 对威胁引起的 为/  反应负直接责任，但它们对“恐惧”的感觉并  直接负责。
Question 6: If amygdala is not the fear center, how does amygdala contribute to non-conscious aspects of fear?
LeDoux's research suggested that the amygdala contributes to non-conscious aspects of fear, by which I meant the detection of threats and the control of body responses that help cope with the threat. Conscious fear, I argued, is a product of cognitive systems in the neocortex that operate in parallel with the amygdala circuit.
问题6:如果杏仁核 是恐惧中 ，那么杏仁核如何促成恐惧的 意识  呢?
LeDoux的研究表明，杏仁核有助于恐惧的 意识  ，我的意思是检测威胁和控制身体反应， 以应对威胁。 我认为，意识到的恐惧是新 质中与杏仁核电 并 运 的认知系统的产物。
 
 Be suspicious of any statement that says a brain area is a center responsible for some function.
Amygdala is involved in fear acquisition, consolidation, expression, retrieval, extinction, reconsolidation, renewal, reinstatement, spontaneous recovery, etc.
RELAX, I‘m not going to give you details about that.
The take-home message is: Amygdala is a key brain nucleus for fear learning and memory. 怀疑任何声称脑区是负责某些功能的中 。 杏仁核参与恐惧获取，巩固，表达，检索，灭绝，重新整合， 新，复原， 发恢复等。 放松，我 会给你细节。
 
 回归信息是:杏仁核是恐惧学习和记忆的关键脑核。
Question 7: What is learned fear?
I will introduce two most fundamental forms of amygdala dependent learning --- classical (Pavlovian) and instrumental (operant) conditioning.
I know they are classical theories and have long been studied in humans and animals. I still believe they are the fundamental models of emotional learning for AI in the future.
Although Ivan Pavlov won a Nobel Prize for studying digestion, he is much more famous for something else: “Pavlov’s dog”. Classical (or Pavlovian) conditioning is one of the fundamental ways we learn about the world around us. But it is far more than just a theory of learning; it is also arguably a theory of identity.
问题7: 么是学到的恐惧?
我将介绍两种最基本的杏仁核依赖学习形式 - 古典(巴甫 维)和 具(操作)条件。
我知道他们是古典 论， 期以来 直在 类和动物学习。 我仍然相信他们是未来AI的情感学习 的基本模式。
尽管伊万·巴甫 夫获得 诺 尔 学研究的消息，但他 加着名:“巴甫 夫的狗”。 古典(或 巴甫 夫)条件是我们 解我们周边世界的基本 法之 。 但这 仅仅是学习的 论， 也可以 说是身份认同 论。
 
 In his famous experiment, Pavlov rang a bell and then gave a dog some food. After repeating this pairing multiple times, the dog eventually treated the bell as a signal for food, and began salivating in anticipation of the treat. This kind of result has been reproduced in the lab using a wide range of signals (e.g., tones, light, tastes, settings) paired with many different events besides food (e.g., drugs, shocks, illness; etc).
在他着名的实验中，巴甫 夫响  声钟，然后给 狗 些 物。 在多次重复配对之后，狗最终 将钟作为 物的信号，并开始唾液预期的治疗。 这种结果已经在实验室中使 与 物( 如药 物，冲击，疾病等)之外的许多 同事件配对的各种信号( 如， 调，光， 味，设置) 再 现。
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
  In a general way, classical conditioning occurs whenever neutral stimuli are associated with psychologically significant events. The dog food in Pavlov’s experiment is called the unconditioned stimulus (US) because it elicits an unconditioned response (UR). That is, without any kind of “training” or “teaching,” the stimulus produces a natural or instinctual reaction.
A conditioned stimulus (CS) is a signal that has no importance to the organism until it is paired with something that does have importance. For example, in Pavlov’s experiment, the bell is the conditioned stimulus. Before the dog has learned to associate the bell (CS) with the presence of food (US), hearing the bell means nothing to the dog. However, after multiple pairings of the bell with the presentation of food, the dog starts to drool at the sound of the bell. This drooling in response to the bell is the conditioned response (CR).
A large body of literature has established that associative learning requires the amygdala, where CS-US conjunction occurs.
 般来说，只要中性 激与  重要事件有关，就会发 经典的调 。巴甫 夫的实验中的狗  被称为 条件的 激(美国)，因为它引发  条件的反应(UR)。也就是说，没有任何  种“训练”或“教学”， 激就会产  然或本能的反应。
条件 激(CS)是 种对 物体没有重要性的信号，直到与具有重要性的物质配对。 如，在 巴甫 夫的实验中，钟是条件 激。在狗已经学会将钟声(CS)与 物(US)的存在联系之 前，听到铃声对狗没有任何意义。然 ，在多次配对的钟声与 物的介绍之后，狗开始流  的 钟声。响应钟声的这种流  是条件反应(CR)。
 
   的 学证明，联想学习需要杏仁核，其中发 CS-US连接。
Which also related to the development of fear-related disorders.
这也与恐惧相关疾病的发展有关。
 
 Robert A. Rescorla provided a clear summary of this change in thinking, and its implications, in his 1988 article "Pavlovian conditioning: It's not what you think it is”.
Although classical conditioning is a powerful explanation for how we learn many different things, there is a second form of conditioning that also helps explain how we learn. First studied by Edward Thorndike, and later extended by B. F. Skinner, this second type of conditioning is known as instrumental or operant conditioning.
Robert A. Rescorla在1988 的 章“帕夫 维亚条件:这 是你的想法”中，提供 这种思维变 化及其影响的明确总结。
虽然古典条件是我们如何学习许多 同的东 的强 的解释，但第 种形式的调 也有助于解释 我们如何学习。 爱德华·索恩迪克(Edward Thorndike) 先研究过，后来被B.F. Skinner扩展， 第 种类型的调 被称为 具或操作条件。
 
   
  
   
Operant conditioning occurs when a behavior (as opposed to a stimulus) is associated with the occurrence of a significant event. In the best-known example, a rat in a laboratory learns to press a lever in a cage (called a “Skinner box”) to receive food. Because the rat has no “natural” association between pressing a lever and getting food, the rat has to learn this connection. At first, the rat may simply explore its cage, climbing on top of things, burrowing under things, in search of food. Eventually while poking around its cage, the rat accidentally presses the lever, and a food pellet drops in. This voluntary behavior is called an operant behavior, because it “operates” on the environment (i.e., it is an action that the animal itself makes).
Once the rat recognizes that it receives a piece of food every time it presses the lever, the behavior of lever-pressing becomes reinforced. That is, the food pellets serve as reinforcers because they strengthen the rat’s desire to engage with the environment in this particular manner.
According to Thorndike’s law of effect, when a behavior has a positive (satisfying) effect or consequence, it is likely to be repeated in the future. However, when a behavior has a negative (painful/annoying) consequence, it is less likely to be repeated in the future. Effects that increase behaviors are referred to as reinforcers, and effects that decrease them are referred to
 as punishers.
https://courses.lumenlearning.com/wsu-sandbox/
After conditioning, the response to the CS can be eliminated if the CS is presented repeatedly without the US. This effect is called extinction, and the response is said to become “extinguished.”
当 为(与 激相反))与重 事件的发 相关联时，发 操作调节。在众所周知的  中，实 验室的 只  学会把笼  的 个杠杆(叫做“Skinner盒 ”)拿来接受 物。因为  在按压 杠杆和获得 物之间没有“ 然”关系，所以  必须学习这种联系。起初，  可以简单地探索 笼 ，爬上事物，挖掘事物，寻找 物。最后，当 标在笼 周围时，  意外按下杠杆， 物 颗粒掉落。这种 愿 为被称为操作 为，因为它在环境中“操作”(即动物本身所起作 的动 作) )。
 旦  认识到，每次按压 柄时，它会收到 块 物，杠杆按压的 为就会加强。也就是说，
 物颗粒作为强化剂，因为它们增强   以这种特殊 式与环境接触的愿望。
根据Thorndike的效应定 ，当某种 为具有积极(令 满意的)效果或后果时，将来可能会重 复。然 ，当 种 为产 负 (痛苦/烦 的)后果时，在将来 太可能重复。增加 为的效 果被称为强化剂，减少它们的效果被称为惩罚者。
https://courses.lumenlearning.com/wsu-sandbox/
调节后，如果没有美国的CS反复提供CS，则可以消除对CS的响应。这种效应被称为灭绝，反应 被称为“熄灭”。
  
 Extinction is important for many reasons. For one thing, it is the basis for many therapies that clinical psychologists use to eliminate maladaptive and pathological fear.
But extinction is not erasing the fear memory but creating a new memory, which means the fear memory can return in multiple ways.
That’s why I start to study innate fear to answer this question during my postdoc.
 
 I choose Dr. Kerry Ressler and Dr. Vadim Bolshakov as my mentors, not only because of they are the expertise in this field.
But also have unlimited fundings.
许多原因灭绝是重要的。    ，它是临床  学家 来消除适应 良和病 恐惧的许多疗法的 基础。
但灭绝并 是消除恐惧记忆， 是创造 个新的记忆，这意味着恐惧记忆可以以多种 式返回。 这就是为 么我开始研究天 的恐惧来回答这个问题在我的博 后。 我选择克 · 斯 博 和博迪姆博尔 科夫博 作为我的导师， 仅因为他们是这  的专 。 但也有 限的资 。
Question 8: What is innate fear?
As we know, ‘learned fear’ that is elicited by neutral stimuli that have been associated with innate threats, the plasticity that is strong enough for rapid learning of new CS-US association causes rapid overwriting of existing memories.
‘Innate fear’ responses that are activated by intrinsically threatening stimuli, innate behaviors are genetically determined and stereotyped, the innate circuits can be accessed repeatedly without change.
This is much easier to understand.
If you are a mice living outside of the laboratory. Your innate fear resources come from...
问题8:天 的恐惧是 么?
据我们所知，由于与天 威胁相关的中性 激所引起的“学到的恐惧”，对于新的CS-US协会的快 速学习   够强 的可塑性导致现有记忆的快速覆盖。
通过内在威胁的 激，先天 为激活的“先天的恐惧”反应是基因决定和定型的，可以重复访问固 有的电   改变。
这 容  解。
如果你是住在实验室外的  。 你天 的恐惧资源来 ...
 
  
   
  
   
  
 If you are a mice living inside of the laboratory. Your innate fear resources come from: fox urine, cat fur, rat bedding, snake skin, looming shadow, approaching tone.
Please try this for a moment.
如果你是住在实验室内的  。 你天 的恐惧资源来 :狐狸 ，猫 ，  寝具，蛇 ，逼真 的阴影，逼近的 调。
请尝试 下。
 
  
  How do you feel?
Regardless of any previous contact with a real predator, lab rodents will promptly recognize the innate threats and exhibit defensive behaviors, such as increased immobility, stereotyped stretch attend/approach postures that are characteristic of risk assessment behavior.
For rodents, olfaction is the most important sensory system for detecting danger compared to other sensory modalities.
Neurobiologists have created the super sniffer mice by increasing the total number of olfactory sensory neurons expressing specific cloned odorant receptor coding sequences for study odour coding, so there are no clear boundaries between innate and learned behaviors.
This is the current innate fear literature created by Cornelius T. Gross, which I don’t totally buy it. So I’m working on predator odor induced innate fear now.
你觉得怎么样?
 论以前与真正的捕 者之间的任何联系，实验室啮 动物都会及时识别天 的威胁，并表现出
 
 防御性 为， 如增加 动性，刻板印象的伸展参与/ 险评估 为特征的姿态。 对于啮 动物，嗅觉是与其他感官模式相 ，检测危险的最重要的感觉系统。
神经 物学家通过增加表达特定克 的 味受体编码序 的嗅觉感觉神经元的总数来创建超嗅探
  ， 于研究 味编码，因此在先天和学习 为之间没有明确的界限。
这是Cornelius T. Gross创造的当前天 的恐惧 学，我 完全买它。 所以我正在研究捕 者的  味，引起天 的恐惧现在。
 
   
  I pay attention on this region called Dorsal premammillary nucleus (PMd).
And the other 8+ brain region.
I’m still working on my hypothesis of learned & innate fear, so I can’t give you more details. THANK YOU.
我注意到这个地区称为背颚核(PMd)。
和其他8+ 脑区域。 我仍然在研究我对学习和天 恐惧的假设，所以我 能给你 多的细节。
谢谢。
 
